# corstr

This sub-directory of `scripts` contains script files focused on exploring the correlation structure selection properties of different model selection methods. The descriptions of the script files are below.

All script files within the `norm-cic-sim` sub-directory examines the correlation selection properties of CIC(R) when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation. The results of these simulation studies can be found at 

> `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim`,

where specifics of each script file is listed below.

- `norm_cic_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of CIC(R) when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation, and serves as the basis to which compare all other results for a *normally* distributed response vector. This simulation assumes the correlation coefficient is 0.5 and there are three non-zero mean parameters to estimte. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_cic_sim.rds`.

  - `norm_cic_beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_cic_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/norm-cic-beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_cic_beta5_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_cic_rho05_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_cic_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.05. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/norm-cic-rho05-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_cic_rho05_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_cic_rho05beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_cic_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.05 and there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/norm-cic-rho05beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_cic_rho05beta5_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_cic_rho70_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_cic_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.70. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/norm-cic-rho70-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_cic_rho70_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_cic_rho70beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_cic_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.70 and there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/norm-cic-rho70beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_cic_rho70beta5_sim.rds`.
- `norm_cic_eo_int_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of CIC(R) penalized by expected optimism when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. Expected optimism is calculated by specifying the mean structure as an intercept only model, as this is how the replicated data for generated. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/norm-cic-eo-int-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `sim_res.RData`.
- `norm_modified_cic_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of a modified version CIC(R) when the mean structure is properly specified and $\boldsymbol{\Omega}_{I}$ is replaced by $\boldsymbol{\Omega}_{r}$ via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-cic-sim/norm-modified-cic-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_modified_cic_sim.RData`.

All script files within the `norm-delta-sim` sub-directory examines the correlation selection properties of a new discrepancy based measure proposed by D. Erik Boonstra and Joe E. Cavanaugh when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation. At this moment, we are calling this measure $\delta$. The results of these simulation studies can be found at 

> `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim`,

where specifics of each script file is listed below.

- `norm_delta_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of $\delta$ when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation, and serves as the basis to which compare all other results for a *normally* distributed response vector. This simulation assumes the correlation coefficient is 0.5 and there are three non-zero mean parameters to estimte. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_sim.rds`.

  - `norm_delta_beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/norm-delta-beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_beta5_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta_rho05_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.05. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/norm-delta-rho05-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_rho05_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta_rho05beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.05 and there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/norm-delta-rho05beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_rho05beta5_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta_rho70_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.70. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/norm-delta-rho70-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_rho70_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta_rho70beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.70 and there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/norm-delta-rho70beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_rho70beta5_sim.rds`.
- `norm_delta_eo_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of $\delta$ penalized by expected optimism when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. Expected optimism is calculated by specifying the mean structure as an intercept only model, as this is how the replicated data for generated. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/norm-delta-eo-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_eo_sim.RData`.
- `norm_delta_penalty_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of $\delta$ penalized by a fraction penalty based on the number of correlation parameters estimated when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta-sim/norm-delta-penalty-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta_penalty_sim.RData`.

All script files within the `norm-delta0-sim` sub-directory examines the oracle correlation selection properties of a new discrepancy based measure proposed by D. Erik Boonstra and Joe E. Cavanaugh when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation. At this moment, we are calling this measure $\delta$. The results of these simulation studies can be found at 

> `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta0-sim`,

where specifics of each script file is listed below.

- `norm_delta0_sim.R` examines the oracle correlation selection properties of $\delta$ when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation, and serves as the basis to which compare all other results for a *normally* distributed response vector. This simulation assumes the correlation coefficient is 0.5 and there are three non-zero mean parameters to estimte. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta0-sim/`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta0_sim.rds`.

  - `norm_delta0_beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta0_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta0-sim/norm-delta0-beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta0_beta5_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta0_rho05_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta0_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.05. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta0-sim/norm-delta0-rho05-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta0_rho05_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta0_rho05beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta0_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.05 and there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta0-sim/norm-delta0-rho05beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta0_rho05beta5_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta0_rho70_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta0_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.70. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta0-sim/norm-delta0-rho70-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta0_rho70_sim.rds`.
  - `norm_delta0_rho70beta5_sim.R` examines the same correlation selection properties of `norm_delta0_sim.R` using the same simulation setup; however, the correlation coefficient is 0.70 and there are five non-zero mean parameters to estimate. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-delta0-sim/norm-delta0-rho70beta5-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_delta0_rho70beta5_sim.rds`.

All script files within the `norm-kdd-sim` sub-directory examines the correlation selection properties of a new directed information criteria when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation. This information criteria uses Kullack's directed divergence (KDD) based on normally distributed data and the asymptotic distrubtion of $\boldsymbol{\beta}$. The results of these simulation studies can be found at 

> `./outputs/corstr/norm-kdd-sim`,

where specifics of each script file is listed below.

- `norm_kdd_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of KDD when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation, and serves as the basis to which compare all other results for a *normally* distributed response vector. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-kdd-sim/`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_kdd_sim.RData`.

- `norm_kdd_eo_int_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of KDD penalized by expected optimism when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. Expected optimism is calculated by specifying the mean structure as an intercept only model, as this is how the replicated data for generated. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-kdd-sim/norm-kdd-eo-int-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `sim_res.RData`.
- `norm_kdd_eo_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of KDD penalized by expected optimism when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. Expected optimism is calculated by specifying the mean structure as the mean structure of the fitted model. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-kdd-sim/norm-kdd-eo-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `sim_res.RData`.
- `norm_modified_kdd_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of a modified version KDD when the mean structure is properly specified and $\boldsymbol{\Omega}_{I}$ is replaced by $\boldsymbol{\Omega}_{r}$ via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-kdd-sim/norm-modified-kdd-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `sim_res.RData`.

All script files within the `norm-ksd-sim` sub-directory examines the correlation selection properties of a new symmetric information criteria when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation. This information criteria uses Kullack's symmetric divergence (KSD) based on normally distributed data and the asymptotic distrubtion of $\boldsymbol{\beta}$. The results of these simulation studies can be found at 

> `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim`,

where specifics of each script file is listed below.

- `norm_ksd_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of KSD when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation, and serves as the basis to which compare all other results for a *normally* distributed response vector. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_ksd_sim.RData`.

- `norm_ksd_eo_int_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of KSD penalized by expected optimism when the mean structure is properly specified via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. Expected optimism is calculated by specifying the mean structure as an intercept only model, as this is how the replicated data for generated. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-ksd-eo-int-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `sim_res.RData`.
- `norm_modified_ksd_sim.R` examines the correlation selection properties of a modified version KSD when the mean structure is properly specified and $\boldsymbol{\Omega}_{I}$ is replaced by $\boldsymbol{\Omega}_{r}$ via a simulation for a *normally* distributed response vector. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-modified-ksd-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_modified_ksd_sim.RData`.
- The next few script files are exploring the components of KSD and the modified version of KSD to better understand the "push and pull" nature of this measure.
  - `norm_inv_cic_sim.R` investigates the correlation structure selection properties of inverted CIC(R), which is seen in KSD. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-inv-cic-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_inv_cic_sim.RData`.
  - `norm_inv_log_det_sim.R` investigates the correlation structure selection properties of the inverted logarithm of the determinants, which is seen in KSD. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-inv-log-det-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_inv_log_det_sim.RData`.
  - `norm_log_det_sim.R` investigates the correlation structure selection properties of the logarithm of the determinants, which is a matrix comparison technique that is used in the variants of the Kullback divergences (KDD and KSD). The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-log-det-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_log_det_sim.RData`.
  - `norm_modified_inv_cic_sim.R` investigates the correlation structure selection properties of modified inverted CIC(R), which is seen in modified KSD. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-modified-inv-cic-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_modified_inv_cic_sim.RData`.
  - `norm_modified_inv_log_det_sim.R` investigates the correlation structure selection properties of the modified inverted logarithm of the determinants, which is seen in modified KSD. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-modified-inv-log-det-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_modified_inv_log_det_sim.RData`.
  - `norm_modified_log_det_sim.R` investigates the correlation structure selection properties of the modified logarithm of the determinants, which is seen in modified KSD. The results of these simulation study can be found at `./outputs/corstr/norm-ksd-sim/norm-modified-log-det-sim`, where the specific results are stored as `norm_modified_log_det_sim.RData`.